Galleries / Art
Galleries / Art Mendocino art Center has a fine collection of local flavor in the form of photographs, watercolors and sculpture galleries. There are many private galleries in the Mendocino and Fort Bragg featuring local scenery and/or local artist’s work.

Theater. Film. Music
 The Mendocino Theater Co. has been staging plays for 30 years at the Mendocino Theater. We have enjoyed productions there. www.mcn.org/1/mtc . Opera Fresca is performed at locations throughout the town of Mendocino. www.operafresca.com. For 15 days in July Mendocino sponsors a music festival with classical, jazz, blues, folk and world music performed open air in a tent on the headlands every evening. www.mendocinomusic.com. More than 40 movies such as East of Eden have been filmed in or around Mendocino. Mendocino will host its 6th annual film festival June 3-5, 2011. www.mendocinofilmfestival.org.

Whale WatchingWhale 
Watching The annual northerly migration of the grey whales begins in December and continues until april. You may be able to spot whales and their 15 foot calves off our deck this time of year or can charter or join a charter boat excursion out of Noyo Harbor in Fort Bragg or Point Arena. Fort Bragg hosts a Whale Festival in March as well. You can combine whale watching with fishing on a charter as well.

Wine Tasting
Wine Tasting Mendocino County has nine grape growing regions. Many wineries have tastings several days a week but depending on their size, the hours may be limited. Call ahead if you have a particular winery in mind. Our house is closest to the Anderson Valley region which covers 1000 acres along the route of Hwy. 128 and 20 wineries. It is noted for producing pinot noir wine in small family-owned wineries in handcrafted batches. A 2005 GoldenEye Winery (near Philo) Pinot Noir was served at the Obama Inauguration. There is a pinot noir festival in May, a 3 day event spanning a weekend and including a conference, social BBQ and a Grand Tasting with many participants. Yorkville Highlands, an area with higher elevation and temperature that produces a unique wine, hosts a festival in August. Among the brochures in the house is a larger booklet titled 101 Things to Do that includes a handy listing of all the wineries in the county, addresses, phone numbers and type of wine produced. We try to provide some wine from the Husch, the oldest winery in Anderson Valley, as part of a welcome package at the house. Also see www.andersonvalley.org/WineTasting.htm

