 Sea & River House is perched on the cliffs south of Mendocino, where the Navarro River meets the ocean, about 150 miles north of San Francisco and 10 miles south of Mendocino Village.

   The Mendocino cliffs and sea stacks are among the most spectacular coastlines in the world, and, in the Mendocino area, one of the most staggeringly beautiful sections of legendary Highway 1 is around Sea & River, as you can see on the video along side.
<iframe width="400" height="268" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AuPC2wBL3IM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

   The house is an ocean front home that overlooks the Pacific and magical Brokeback Cove, with its massive rock outcroppings to the south. To the north, where the Navarro River meets the sea, there is a nearby sand beach state park. With the ocean on one side, and the river, on the other, you can watch for whales, build sand castles, swim, kayak, canoe or dive for abalone or fish for steel head trout.

   Its four bedrooms and two bathrooms can easily accommodate up to eight people.  There are two master bedrooms with feather beds, one on the upper and the other on the lower level, well suited to accommodating two families, or two generations, and two other bedrooms as well.

   A deck on the upper level wraps around the house on three sides enhancing the ocean experience. In the morning, you can greet the day on the deck with your coffee while listening to the barking of the seals in the surf below. Later in the day you may want to watch the whales migrating in season. At night, sip wine on the deck with the light of Point Arena Lighthouse in the distance to the south, and the Point Cabrillo Lighthouse to the north.

   On the lower level deck is a Hot Springs spa large enough to seat seven people. There you can soak away all of the tensions of the workaday world you left behind as you watch the sun set over the ocean. And, in the pitch black sky of the Mendocino coast, you can see more stars than you ever imagined twinkle to life in the evening sky.

   Inside the house, old growth redwood paneled living and dining areas are a great place to catch up on your reading, as the waves crash below. Also, with the living room, and its wood burning stove, on the upper level, and a game room, with satellite flat screen TV, DVD, fooseball table, and CD player, on the lower level, you can have opportunities for both separation between adults and kids (or two families), as well as times to be together.
   Perfect for couples looking for that romantic getaway or for families wanting that unforgettable fun place to visit each year – or anglers searching for that incredible catch – Sea & River House is an experience you will not want to miss...and come back to year after year.