TOM ROSEN — My Reminiscences about Mendocino in the Years After WWII

   I was born and raised in SF and my folks purchased a summer home on the Russian River at Healdsburg in 1942 when I was 3. We used to go up there the day school was out and return the day before school began after Labor Day.

   I spent every summer of my life there until going to work for TWA in 66. My dad used to like to fish and we would drive out to Ft. Ross and fish below the bluffs before it was a state park when I was like 9 or 10. Used to be a sheep ranch like most of the land on the coast from Jenner to Ft. Bragg. What is now the Sea Ranch was then owned by the Olsen brothers who acquired the adjacent land during WWII by making a lot of money selling wool to the government for military clothing.

   The entire coast was pretty much wide open and you could fish or dive for abalone wherever you wanted just by stopping and asking the owner of the land. Except for the Olsen ranch - they wouldn't let anybody cross their property.

   We used to drive up the Anderson Valley and stay in Ft. Bragg when I was a kid. Rented skiffs at Noyo or Albion and went out about 1/2 mile to catch salmon. Ft Bragg was mainly a lumber town with fishing a lessor industry. Big mill on the bluff NW of the Noyo bridge. That was in the early 50's. Hwy 1 went thru all of the towns between the Navarro and Ft Bragg - not as streamlined as it is today.I don't recall ever driving further than the Olsen ranch on hwy 1 until maybe 35 years ago, and it was then a good road all the way to Ft. Bragg.

   Casper and Mendocino were nothing much but run down lumber towns. Like Healdsburg they were waiting to be "discovered" and they certainly have been. Not sure when things started popping there but it was after my stint on the fishing boat in 57.

   I know that the Heritage House was THE place even back in the 50's.. I don't recall any other hotels in Mendocino, Little River and Casper. I spent the summer of ‘57 working on a fishing boat out of Noyo.

   On this trip back after all those years Sue and I drove over hwy 20 from Williams to Ft Bragg yesterday. Had a late lunch in the Noyo harbor and I told her about my adventures of the past. It's a lot more developed now but the fish packing house is still going strong. 

Tom                           






 
		